# Client Meeting #2
---

#### 7.30pm
#### August 16, 2018

##### In attendance : Lalit (Client), Mugdha (TA), Anirudha, Saujas, Shikhar
&nbsp;
### Points discussed, and tasks set :
------
- TA confirmed that any code written by the team will be accessible to TAs and faculty
- Update on Protege and OntoGraf
	- Only Protege Desktop has ready support for plugins, including OntoGraf
	- For extending OntoGraf to make the annotation approval function, a plugin extension point was found
- Moving forward
	- If Protege is to be used, a way of integrating OntoGraf into WebProtege has to be found and developed
	- Else WebVOWL can also be explored as an option that doesn't depend on Protege
- Both options will be explored, and the framework that will be used will be decided next week 
