# Minutes of Meeting

* **Tasks** (T) - has an Owner and a deadline
* **Decisions** (D)
* **Information** (I) - everything else of interest.
 
### Date : 16-08-18
### Time : 19:30
### Topic: Second Client Meet
### Attendees: Lalit (Client), Mugdha (Mentor), Anirudha, Saujas, Shikhar

Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
I | TA confirmed that any code written by the team will be accessible to TAs and faculty | - | -
I | Only Protege Desktop has ready support for plugins, including OntoGraf | - | -
I | For extending OntoGraf to make the annotation approval function, a plugin extension point was found | - | -
I | If Protege is to be used, a way of integrating OntoGraf into WebProtege has to be found and developed, else WebVOWL can also be explored as an option that doesn't depend on Protege | - | -
T | Explore WebVOWL and WebProtege to see which framework is more suitable | Anirudha, Saujas, Shikhar | 22-08-18
